everybody welcome to another edition of
Facebook sort of live I am your host Tom
bill you I am here with the amazing
voice of this community the one that
keeps it all together the one that is
the magical glow Cindy what's up Cindy
hey guys
do well alright so technically the
reason is this is well technically this
isn't live the reason that it isn't live
is because I'm actually in Europe right
now hitting up cans line which I'm very
excited about and then going to London
because if you go all the way to France
with my wife you got to stop by and say
BAM so we're gonna swing over there
doing a meet-up also I'm gonna be on
London real I'm crazy about them I talk
about a show that I've used for research
a thousand times so if by any chance
London real team you guys are watching
this no mad respect I am super excited
to be on there you guys are smashing it
and I'm very grateful for the quality
interviews you guys do because it's one
of the main places that I'm able to just
get amazing information about the people
coming on the show so thank you guys so
much
super honor to be on the show so yeah
that's we're going to be doing also be
filming all the stuff behind the scenes
doing lies and stuff so follow along on
social do yeah alright actually our
first question from Laura Kay music a
came from the United States well so
amazing on Instagram but have you
checked out her YouTube page so she was
she our first rap song she was a very
right time like this is amazing she did
a rap song for us was cool and her
YouTube page gets better by the day so
check it out definitely want to show the
light out there hustling for sure
alright so her question is how do you
tell the difference between good healthy
and necessary boredom flash frustration
working towards a goal and boredom or
frustration that is arising because the
goal itself isn't right oh yeah woop
woop this is a big question and this one
is so hard and it can only be answered
by the person one of the things that I
do for myself is I ask how much do I
care about the goal okay so like man
nine times out of 10 like that's
actually not true
but there's going to be a lot of stuff I
don't know what the percentage is but
there's going to be a lot of stuff
day-to-day just grind these stuff and
it's going to come in it's going to go
like when we first founded impact Theory
I wanted to punch myself in the mouth I
was on the phone like do you remember me
raging at the top of my lungs about the
IRS yes I was losing my mind
why can you aging that so Stathis oh god
like like everything that like I hate
doing the beginning of a business is
like it's my Goggins moment and I didn't
have Goggins to see me through by the
way just super random I now considered
like the set in the gym where your
muscles are screaming and they're on
fire and you do like more those are the
Goggins sets like I'm doing it today and
today with leg day and I come and you
want to talk about always finding a
reason like I said enough like it really
hurt I don't think I can do another
today I was like like these
are the Goggin sets and I just kept
going I wanted to pass out at the end of
my workout today anyway dog said I
didn't have got me you're saying that
and I'm just like imagining little mini
Goggins is like your muscles like
yelling at you yeah I'm so like I'm
Eugene's like interesting visual cuz I'm
a very visual person so I automatically
went there so anyway I did continue to
answer so it's literally the beginning
of a business is the Goggins moment for
me it's like all this ridiculous stuff
that I don't want to be dealing with
like contracts on steroids yet paperwork
all paperwork all the time so there's so
much of that but I was looking like out
into the future and going how much do I
believe in what we're trying to
accomplish like not just from a business
perspective like that's fun to like to
think about like oh my gosh like to
build like a multi-billion dollar
business and to create something massive
more importantly I actually believe to
the core of my being that this is the
answer to getting mindset to as many
people as possible and that that will
influence the world that the world would
be a fundamentally better place because
I'm willing to deal with the IRS and
that's what it comes back to me I'm
willing to deal with this I'm willing to
put up with this because I really
believe in what I'm trying to accomplish
now since then we've also structured our
days so that it's fun right so we've
talked openly fun is like actually a
thing
that we do things like the Star Wars day
where we do celebrations we're planning
a company party to kick off the summer
because why not like to do things that
are fun I really love doing our lives
like these are a lot a lot of fun right
so it's like really making sure that
you're able to find like where is the
value like we need it needs to move the
company forward but also like what are
like if there are ten things that move
the company forward and we can only
afford to do seven like if they're all
equal impact like what are the seven
that we find the most fun right and so
really making sure that that's a part of
the question you ask and make the
mandate that like fun is is something
that we talked about and it's like a
critical part of whether we consider
ourselves successful like if we do what
we want to do but everyone was
miserable along the way I actually don't
consider that so yeah that's a big part
of it
knowing what you're trying to accomplish
in the end if you believe in that then
that should be the thing you're sort of
pushing through to accomplish to have a
real deep why something that sits to the
core of you so that when you're dealing
with the IRS and you're frustrated out
of your mind and you're actually talking
to a consumer advocacy group because it
was getting that frustrating that you're
able to say and refined the feeling of
joy from that that's a huge indicator so
if it's not leading into a why there's
just not going to be any fulfillment
that eudaimonic happiness so you Nimonic
happiness and go watch the dr. drew
episode he talks very eloquently about
this but it's the notion of techne right
so helping other people is great but
it's like supercharges it's 10x at a
minimum when it's a skill that you have
uniquely acquired and can go out and
help people with this this is Laura K's
question right yes oh like imagine Laura
that it's you're using music and that
skill that you have acquired in your
verbal ability to go out and help people
it's very different than ladling soup at
a soup kitchen which most anybody can do
so being able to help people with a
skill that you've worked really hard to
acquire like there's very few things
that are more fulfilling than that so if
it's all feeding into that I think if
you don't have those things then that
boredom is going to come in the Y isn't
going to answer that question you're not
going to feel empowered by what you're
doing there's not
to be that level of fulfillment or
excitement thinking about like why
you're doing all this so yeah I think it
essentially this is definitely
oversimplifying but it essentially comes
down to your connection to the Y yeah
all right hopefully that helped Laura
all right this next question comes from
Martin over Chevak from the connect
inbox hi Tom I'm writing a project in
faculty and entrepreneurship and I would
like to ask you what are the top five
key characteristics that every
entrepreneur should have in order to
succeed okay so numbered questions are
really hard to answer yeah so I'm gonna
I'm going to cheap out a little bit I'm
not necessarily going to give you top
five but so what are the top things that
entrepreneurs need to be successful
yeah key characteristics every
entrepreneur every entrepreneur should
have in order to succeed okay so I'm
going to do it in beliefs instead of
characteristics I think like
characteristics is very very broad
but beliefs you have to believe you can
do anything you set your mind to you
have to believe that any problem is
overcome a bowl you have to do and
believe that which moves you towards
your goals you have to stay open-minded
and be willing to pivot I think that's a
big deal and when people are overly
dogmatic and they think they have all
the answers and things start going the
wrong way they're they're not able to
step back and look at the landscape and
say what really works here and a lot of
times they get to a level of success by
trusting themselves and so then they
don't know how to handle like oh I'm
actually missing something now and now I
need to go seek that answer I need to
listen to the advice of other people or
even being able to listen to advice
without necessarily believing it so
hearing advice from a bunch of different
people and then being able to pick the
one that you think is real and is right
and it's going to lead you forward
that's very very important and then
really critical really critical somebody
on the team asked a vision not every
entrepreneur but somebody has to have
vision so you need to know like are you
vision or and I'm now being really sort
of rough but are you vision or are you
operations
and you need both and so those are like
the in look it could be sub broken down
into a lot more than that but vision
being able to rally the team being able
to articulate what you're trying to
accomplish getting people excited right
which is a biochemical state getting
people excited about what you're doing
and their role in it like that is so
important but also like holding
everything together actually helping to
manage the processes and the people and
help them see like what's my path and
how do we get this ongoing like those
are critical critical components knowing
what role you play is very very
important and then a willingness to get
better every day because your skill set
is already taking you as far as it's
going to take you and if you want to get
farther then you've got to get new
skills that like that's just a look I
know that that's sort of alive but it's
like a really important way to view the
world because look every day the number
of skills you add a relatively minor but
if you stagnate like you will be
startled by how quickly the world passes
you by and that you really do have to be
pushing your skills that you really do
have to be thinking about getting better
every day if you're going to push
yourself forward so just assume it's an
empowering assumption assume that the
skill set that you have today has
already taken you as far as it's going
to go but this is it right that if we
don't all focus on getting better that
impact Theory is already at its peak
none of us would be okay with that
so we've got to come in show up every
day to play at an elevated level than
what we did yesterday to get better and
all that right and that's I think the
same reason that like the professions of
law and medicine they both like require
you to do continuing education at all
times throughout your career so like you
don't just get your degree and like
finish or like specialize and you're
done
you're always learning because it's that
emphasis that things always are changing
and you need to be aware of them and be
ready with the skills necessary and so
there's no reason that shouldn't apply
across the board for everything very
well said
yeah so this next one comes from Kent
from the connect inbox Tom assembles on
your site so awesome so thank you for
that welcome
and you've taught me a great deal and I
use the information to motivate students
to take the step beyond themselves
I teach air traffic control to new hires
off the street any ideas on the mind or
motivation weight on the mind or
motivation are gold golden nuggets to me
okay
inspiration pushing these students to
take action and flow is what I look for
in your content thank you so much for
your work looks like there's no question
my work when I was like thank you I
probably should have read that quickly
before we started on it okay so that's
amazing air traffic control from what I
know is one of the most insanely
stressful jobs a we're just honored to
have you in the community be it sounds
like you're able to take the motivation
and translate it into action actually
teaching people I think that's
phenomenal and then man like I can't
tell you how honored I am that teachers
are using impact Theory in their
curriculum like I had somebody tweet me
I believe from Brazil and it was a still
of them up in front of the class with
like impact theory and in another show
and I forget which one but up on the
screen behind them and I thought whoa
like you want to talk about staying
connected to what we're really doing and
they in fact we're having like that
amazing yeah so I love that thank you
thank you thank you and we're way more
honored that you're doing that then you
probably are that we're doing the show
so yeah thanks yeah and you know
connects with us across social we'd love
to hear from you and get feedback for
how we can help support you in like
continuing to instill these nuggets with
you learners students yeah yeah all
right so this next one comes from Avatar
yeah ABS are from listening to your
interviews you say that you've had
anxiety of being wrong how did you
overcome that and what did you do I
struggle with the same issue and want to
make progress because I fear and I don't
make progress because I'm always afraid
of being wrong well so anxiety
ever somebody asked about that I really
just want to talk about the brain and
coming to understand the brain was how I
actually started unwinding the anxiety
so anxiety is literally a mental wiring
problem so you've taken a stimulus a
situation and you've wired it to your
obsession over imagining a future that
has not yet happened that was negative
and so your brain just like starts
freaking out like oh my god this
scenario like it could go wrong all
these ways and so you begin to hardwire
for that and so you allow your brain to
obsess over a future outcome that's
potentially negative and once you
understand that okay so the brain will
wire for whatever I imagine obsessively
happening so what if I forced myself to
obsessively imagine things going right
and once you start doing that then and
it is not the most rapid process I
really wish it were but you begin to get
that spiral going in the opposite
direction so that you're feeling less
and less anxious and you get more and
more excited about doing that and that's
where it gets really powerful is to
obsess about your future going well and
that's why when people talk about
visioning envisioning things and like
speakers do this a lot where they go out
and they own the stage and they need to
walk the stage and look out and like
familiarize themselves with that and in
that environment imagine it going well
and all of that like so that they can
really begin to wire that so when they
step out there and there's a lot of
people that the just the wiring has
begun to take place so that there's
nothing that triggers their anxiety so
that is a question of the brain for me
so just you need to be researching the
brain you need to understand like being
able to imagine myelination really
helped and what myelination is and so
it's basically you've got the neurons
that connects to connect to each other
and the points of connection when you're
doing something over and over and over
like learning to play a tennis or
whatever what's happening is you're
myelinating so then the electrical
impulses can travel faster between those
neurons and that's really what getting
good at something is you build this
really densely connected set of neurons
so
they can communicate very rapidly and
that's it like once I could understand
that then it was like wait a second I've
created what Tony Robbins calls a
superhighway to anxiety I have like
myelinated a out of like whatever
right for me like learning business was
the process that really triggered my
anxiety was in a high-stress environment
and I knew nothing about what I was
doing I'm not a born entrepreneur so I
was really like having to learn
everything I was in over my head it was
like it was a crazy crazy time in my
life so I now had this like densely
wired ascend to understand what's
happening at first like if I had caught
it early uh yeah but I didn't understand
the brain well enough who knows going on
so I like it's been years myelinating
this obsessive like I'm gonna embarrass
myself I'm going to do something stupid
like people going to freak out at me
they can be so pissed off and like it's
going to erupt and this you should
because all of that happened like but
it's going to happen a lot a lot and so
it just like got dead stand stance so
now by the time I realize like this is
getting weird like I remember the first
time it really made my radar I normally
would exit the parking garage by going
right for whatever reason and one day
like someone was coming or something and
so I turned left and it gave me anxiety
and I was like why would I have anxiety
but and so then I start learning about
generalized anxiety and how like if you
don't catch it like you start to get
anxious about random like yeah
whatever so I was like okay wait a
second so then I had to start
researching it then I started
understanding myelination then I started
understanding the way that the brain
works and that I could unwind it but I
had to like start imagining things going
well and spending my time on that and
learning meditation and like the whole
shebang you have to do to actually begin
to unwind that so period will stop there
it's a really big topic yeah because
what I find that fascinating is
something that you said earlier about if
you had caught it earlier so what would
be for someone who may not be there what
should they kind of like look for in
terms of like stopping that process or
you know reach like changing that so for
me I experience anxiety and this is one
of the reasons I hate being cold so much
I experience anxiety the way I
experience cold so I start to feel
jittery I start to feel like a little
unrooted I get like weird unpleasant
butterflies not like loved butterflies
but like
unpleasant like butterflies in my
stomach are they persistent butterflies
are like little one uh they it's like
they come and they go I think of it it
feels like like if you imagine like
turning a hose on and then off on then
off so it's it's kind of intense but
then it stops kind of intense and then
it's not like it's just yeah and if I
had like recognized that oh okay this is
me feeling anxious which I actually
didn't know the difference between being
nervous and being anxious right because
I a lot of times people associate like
those butterflies with just being
nervous yes because it's like that way
the butterflies before you do something
weird and the nervousness and anxiety
are probably on a continuum and that
nerves are like and like the beginning
of something and then anxiety is a more
chronic where it escalates and you can't
control it and so I don't mind being
nervous which we'll call sort of the low
and it makes you take something
seriously you're going to pay attention
to it but then when it like escalates
escalates escalates so nerves to me um
they terminate before you get to blood
leaving the prefrontal cortex because
what I couldn't understand was why do I
think and perform worse when I'm like
really anxious and the reason is you've
officially now triggered the sympathetic
nervous system you are officially in
fight-or-flight blood is leaving the
prefrontal cortex because you don't need
to make higher level cognitive decisions
now you need to throw a punch dodge a
punch dodge the jaws of the tiger that's
trying to bite you right right that's
where you need to be so it's all going
to like this physiological response
you don't like your body's not thinking
a way you're having this anxiety
response over something that now is
going to demand high level cognition so
when something like speaking triggers
anxiety you're in a real dangerous place
because you're going to go and you're
not going to be able to perform and it
is literally the fact that you're
anxious about not being able to perform
that makes you not able to perform so
it's like the only thing we have to fear
is anxiety right it's like because
that's the thing that will actually make
this imagined reality come true so
understanding all of this was like this
is the dumbest thing ever
so getting anxious about it is actually
going to make me perform poorly so now
I'm becoming anxious because I'm afraid
I might become anxious so it's like this
weird like loop and you know that it's
real like if I get anxious I will
perform worse because the blood is
leaving my prefrontal cortex everything
is going through my amygdala my brain is
screaming Danger Danger
and I actually can't process the data
coming at me in a higher level cognition
way I actually can't process it so I am
actually like empirically worse at
whatever it is that I'm trying to do so
I was like first of all for me that was
a moment of breakthrough because like
that's dumb and once I can grasp onto
this is dumb like this doesn't make
sense
do and believe that which moves you
towards your goals okay well being
anxious is moving me away from my goals
kids so now what do I need to do okay
well imagining a scenario going bad that
doesn't make sense so I'm going to stop
doing that and I think part of the
reason I started doing that was so I
could I could get to the point where I
had inoculated myself from the emotional
sting of failure so I would imagine it
going wrong so be like well how would I
deal with this if it goes wrong like
what's my escape at how do I get out of
this and it's like now you're just
thinking about negative like you're
just thinking about all the ways it
could go wrong instead I was like eh be
surprised by failure like have thought
so obsessively about this going right
that if it fails you're like wait what
but at least then you'll be in a good
place emotionally you'll feel confident
because you've imagined this going right
like a thousand ways and these are all
the things that made me go I don't care
what's true I don't care if the odds of
me going up and failing are like
ridiculously high because in thinking
about failing I increase the odds yeah
of me failing like 140 so it's like why
would I do that
even if it's true why would I do that
doesn't make sense so I'm going to think
about all the ways that it's going to go
right even if that's a lie right I don't
know that it's going to go right yeah I
am literally faking myself out to
imagine a scenario where it's gone
perfectly hey everything went well like
that's also alive but it's an empowering
lie so I'm gonna like do that one so
I'll actually stop this time that's a
good yeah sorry I just like I had this
moment because everything you're
describing
is so like my sister she has like really
bad anxiety and so a lot for a long time
it was trying to unravel for the two of
us like in terms of our communication
because I just don't think that way and
I've never really thought that way and I
never really understood why you know in
the insane like the same situation I
would perform better and she would
perform significantly worse and so it
was just like yeah kind of moment guys
all right so our next question and
probably final question comes from
actually this one I'm not sure where it
came from okay so Tom you talked about
being aggressively yourself how do you
manage to be aggressively yourself in
spaces that may not be as accepting of
who you are like right so advanced class
like look I know when to tone it down
right initially you got to get to the
point where it's like sometimes it's not
the time to be aggressive with yourself
sometimes it's the time to be real quiet
and it's with your hands in your lap and
to just be chill and get the lay of the
land and be respectful and so yeah when
I say be aggressively yourself I'm
talking where that's appropriate so if
I'm trying to build a romantic
relationship with somebody I'm going to
be aggressively my selves what it's
about it's about getting to know each
other so hiding something about Who I am
or whatever like that doesn't make sense
in an interview there's times where I'm
like my job here is to let this person
shine my job is to learn something from
them so for instance we just filmed an
episode recently where in the episode I
was kind of dialed back because I really
wanted to give them a chance to like
enlighten the audience and like walk us
through what they had been through and
then when the camera stopped rolling
then like we really had a chance to have
this super like raw conversation where I
could talk to him without him having to
be tense if somebody was watching and so
that was fun and interesting and so that
was like no and we got an amazing
interview so I can't really believe I
played the interview right but it was
actually really fun to now go and the
cameras are off now let's really like
talk about this where
we can we can really go back and forth
ray you know discover something that we
would talk about in a way when no one's
watching and so that was a lot of fun
and so it's like understanding the
context of where you're at is is
critical and I think a lot of times
people want things to be binary and I
make them sound binary because that's
where you start right you start black or
white but then like then that's why I
called the advanced class like
eventually you get to the point where
you realize this actually really nuanced
this is actually all shades of grey and
how do we handle this
deftly and so that's where you separate
the good from the great you can get good
by being binary but you never get great
like you really have to understand like
when's this gasps wins a break like
knowing when to love yourself and when
to hate yourself right most people they
just can like they're like me with food
right I'm really good really good at not
eating bad food okay I'm tellin like
literally 99.999999% of the world cannot
hang with me from a disciplined diet
standpoint but I bet there were people
in fact I'll say 99.9999% of the world
are better than me at eating one thing
like I can't have one chip I can't have
like one bite of pizza like I'm friendly
bet once I go in I'm here for like that
it was like the only way you can really
do that with this like dark chocolate
the other day I saw you eat two Oreos
haha man that's a discipline yeah like
that that would mess with me like once I
yeah I got taste the Oreo in my mouth
man now let's get crazy what about dog
like I'm going in on some more like
comes and goes man but like for whatever
reason dark chocolate is one of those
things that I can like eat a small
amount of and just like be fine I just
put it back my sister is like wait you
still have the same damn chocolate bars
like yeah she like carefully wait what
you didn't buy a new one I was like
that's good and maybe that's why I was
like cutting I need to practice yeah go
in and eat like a bite of an Oreo and
just like yeah
now what yeah because then I feel like
you probably opened a door so like a
brand new discipline for you awesome
food but like I don't know I guess it
has to fit with your goals because
there's a lot sugar in that yeah so to
me it's a bit like doing a little bit of
cocaine or a little bit of heroin it's
like oh it's probably best to have a
binary poly yeah we would be exactly so
it's like learn your strengths kids
um yeah should we do one more exam or
would you do one more we'll do a little
bit of a fast we'll do like a real quick
answer all right so this one comes from
Brian McLean your intent is to create
narratives any thought on how to help
the narrative of mindset equate
crossover into execution
any thoughts on Jacqueline's way of the
warrior kid uh so I haven't read Jacko's
book the way of the warrior kid yet I
don't think a lot about kids but I do
think impact theory is going to have a
kids of vision so maybe I should give up
on that um I'm guessing that Jacko's
book is amazing his mindset is
incredible so I'm very when I heard
about that I thought wow that's actually
a really fascinating guy to do a
children's book and then what was the
first part of the course I had to cross
over into execution sorry it was so
important to me to remember that so
crossing over into execution is
literally what this shows about and
that's why we have two sides we've got
like the media and what we're trying to
do there and build the studio but we
also have I'm talking less and less
about it because I found that people
were gravitating way too hard to that
side for me which is how do we actually
help entrepreneurs execute and that at
the end of the day like the whole idea
and we have to sort of redefine what an
entrepreneur means you want to start
your own company but the reason that we
want to do this mass media that really
instills a certain mindset into people
is so that they will execute against
some of the world's greatest challenges
and like that is really really important
to me so that will literally be one of
the questions that we're trying to
answer is how do you get people not to
be empty dreamers right so how do you
get them to actually execute there's a
reason that every impact theory
the main app begins with you're here my
friends because you know that having
potential is not the same as executing
on it so like that's that's the juice
like how do you really help people get
over into that and so to break it down
really fast it's like okay
getting people to value that dreaming is
empty so right now we don't like we
encourage people just to dream and so we
have to start encouraging them to not be
pacified by a dream but actually say
what have you done with it
to get people to understand the idea of
technique that gaining a skill that
serves people is critical so having a
skill that's useful but then actually
using it like how do you judge your own
self-worth the thing that we talk a lot
about now is money so if you look at I
want to throw anybody under the bus we
all know the big names in the space that
they sell courses on how to do things
which I actually don't think is bad but
the lifestyle that the painting is all
one of like fancy cars and stuff like
that look I could have literally I could
have a garage full of exotic cars I
don't why just they don't bring value so
like like painting that lifestyle that's
just not who I want to attract like I
want to attract people hold themselves
to a different standard and so we talk a
lot about that it was like well Tom are
you gonna paint that lifestyle cuz bro
like we could have no we could
have like a million followers by now if
I just did that they would be the wrong
followers but like if I just went to
privatise all the time but a few
Lamborghinis a couple Rolls Royces and
just rolled around and was like
y'all could have this to like dig my
course like ah but that would be suck
so it's like who you are they trust me I
would never welcome I know we've had
these discussions is it Tookie Patel it
feeds into people the wrong ideas right
so I really want people to look past
that so if you want people to look past
that like then don't feed into it right
so that's a big part of it now I'm going
to be look there are times that I do
expensive and their time and when I
do a sense of I love it
g-god oh right and I'm going to be yeah
I'll definitely film in something it's
just not a part of like the core like we
need to be thinking beyond that so
that's that's why I think execution is
so important I think collectively we can
do amazing things with this plan
and remember I'm the guy that's like
reading Michiyo Kaku and saying hey like
as you go up in levels as a species you
can actually harness the power of star
warp space-time like I'm thinking okay
but for us to do that we have to survive
having nuclear weapons and like doing
really dumb like so how do we get
ourselves past that so I'm I want to
help feed into that and I believe that
the way that we're going to do it with
narrative and a focus on the execution
is the way that we get there starts with
changing the narrative Joseph Campbell
you want to change the world change the
metaphor we have to get people to see
something other than just like wealth
creation and splashing money around
that's why so many people go broke they
splash some money around and realize hey
this doesn't last forever like there
ain't but doing cool amazing stuff for
people a is an awesome strategy to
having be like if you want to know I am
going so hard on Gary B's new show
planet of the eye why because I think
Gary Vee adds value to the world be I am
really trying to deepen my relationship
with him we're already one of his
clients like I really believe in that
guy he's added value to my life like so
I thought I want to show him like I
support you dude
so that and Gary Vee came on the show we
all know dude if your impact Theory alum
I'm gonna go way the out of my way
to like make your life better to thank
you for what you did like that's so
important and in fact in Gary's episode
he said I don't get why people are
talking about Karma as if like it's some
big surprise yeah I mean good thank you
people is a good strategy so yeah do
good things it will come back to you
like a million fold yeah especially one
be fair like that's how I was like but
it I'll just call it something else how
humans work yeah but anyway that's that
it for today everyone all right guys
thank you so much for joining us and for
submitting questions the easiest way to
submit a question is connect at impact
theory calm but you can submit them
anywhere on social rally coming through
exactly so if you're replying to a
YouTube video an Instagram post you're
tweeting something at me all of that is
amazing we'll take it we'll collect it
and we will bring them forgive us for
not doing this one live I really do love
doing these lives but I'm in Europe
right now and so hopefully you're
following me on
- gram you're hitting me up on Twitter
Facebook all of it so you can see what
I'm up to right now in Europe so thank
you guys so much for joining us if you
haven't already be sure to subscribe and
until next time my friends be legendary
take care